Improve typesetting (#38855)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/extension/index.md

- {{WebExtAPIRef("extension.lastError")}} {{deprecated_inline}}
  - : Set for the lifetime of a callback if an asynchronous extension API has resulted in an error. If no error has occurred, `lastError` will be {{jsxref("undefined")}}.
- {{WebExtAPIRef("extension.inIncognitoContext")}}

>   - : `True` for content scripts running inside incognito tabs, and for extension pages running inside an incognito process. (The latter only applies to extensions with `incognito_behavior: "split"`.)

Reviewer: I assume this is referring to the manifest key, for reference, see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/incognito
```suggestion
  - : `True` for content scripts running inside incognito tabs, and for extension pages running inside an incognito process. (The latter only applies to extensions with `"incognito": "split"` set in their manifest.json file.)
```
